In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
-This fencing gear really suits you.
-Thank you, Tikki!
Let's hope wielding a sabre is easier
than finding a helmet that fits!
[laughs]
I gotta ace these tryouts!
D'Argencourt is the most prestigious
fencing academy in Paris.
I only have this one shot
to get onto the team!
You've been reviewing the rules
all weekend. It'll be great!
You're right. I'm gonna make
quite an impression on Adrien!
Ah, here we go!
This one should fit perfectly!
I am the fencing master, Mr. D'Argencourt.
As I'm sure you're aware, we have
only one open spot on the team this year.
So, to select the best candidate,
I will observe the beginners
performing attacks
on the experienced students.
-Where's Adrien?
-Get into position.
-Seems you're looking for someone?
-I thought Adrien was here.
A boy this tall, blond,
nice, super handsome.
Thanks for the compliments!
I didn't know you were into fencing.
Adrien! Nice to fencing! I'm totally
into you! Er... I mean, nice to see you!
Yeah, I'm totally into fencing!
[Adrien chuckles]
[Marinette giggles]
Get into position!
Bend your knees then stretch
your left foot back, turned outwards.
Perfect.
Now put your sabre forward, like this.
[giggles]
Greet each other!
En garde ! Prêts ? Allez !
Go on, Marinette!
You're supposed to touch me!
Touch you? Yeah.
Attaque. Touche. Point ! Continue!
-Thanks!
-All I did was lunge.
You've got good reflexes! En garde !
Prêt ? Allez !
Attack, paré, riposte, counter-attack.
It's your point.
-I don't get it. You hit me first.
-With sabre fencing,
the attacker doesn't necessarily win
the point. You took the initiative,
so you had priority.
I could only parry or riposte, so I lose.
But everything's happening so fast,
how can you know who won?
We don't always know for sure. That's why
you can also abstain. Shall we continue?
Hey, you! Are you Mr. D'Argencourt,
the fencing master?
-I want to join your team.
-Only the best are admitted, you knave!
-And I was, everywhere I went.
-Par le fer !
This whippersnapper has nerve!
All right! I may consider your admission,
shall you defeat one of my students!
Which one of you is the best combatant?
Adrien, please give our visitor
a lesson in chivalry!
I shall, Master.
[boy] Cool.
Ha!
Great! There goes any chance
of making the team!
-He's obviously better than everyone.
-It's not over.
He still has to beat Adrien!
En garde ! Prêts ?
Allez !
Simultané. Pas de touche.
I could have sworn
Adrien touched him first.
Not sure. Anyway,
you never question the decision.
En garde ! Prêts ?
Allez !
-Uh... Abstention.
-What's happening?
Mr. D'Argencourt isn't sure who won
so he'd chosen to abstain.
-This is a tight bout!
-En garde...
Wait! I request that we do it
the old-fashioned way.
We'll be more at ease without the machine.
-Adrien?
-Fine with me!
But how will we know
who touched the other one first?
-By watching very closely.
-En garde !
Prêts ? Allez !
Is this what fencing's all about?
Par le fer !
This is what fencing's all about!
Is that all you can do?
The fateful moment has arrived!
[moan]
Let me through! Move!
[groan]
Let's finish this off.
Who got the first hit? Who?
-Uh... I...
-Who touched first? Tell us now!
I don't know. I think... it was... Adrien?
Ha, ha! Wonderful! This victory is
an honour to D'Argencourt Academy!
[sigh]
-Are you sure, Marinette?
-Uh... Well, I'm not entirely sure.
I mean, it looked like it was you,
but it went so fast.
-I think he touched me first.
-The referee has the last word.
A champion whose victory has been stolen.
Crushing defeat is the ideal steel
with which to forge a blade of revenge.
Fly away, my little akuma,
towards this spite and petulance
and evilise that fencer!
I'm going to offer him a decisive match!
Hey, wait! Your sabre!
Let's do a... decisive... match?
What's the point? You won.
There's no such thing as a second chance
in my family. Goodbye.
Hey! What's your name?
You might get on the fencing team
after all.
Follow that car!
An akuma!
Better capture it
before it turns someone into a villain!
-At your service, Marinette!
-Quick! Adrien is in danger!
Tikki, spots on!
Ha!
I'm not available. Leave a message.
Mother, you thought I was good enough,
but... I lost.
I won't be joining
the D'Argencourt Academy.
Riposte, I am Hawk Moth.
I'm giving you a second chance to prove
that you are the best fencer of all!
But in return, you must bring me
Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
On my honour, Hawk Moth.
I shall be victorious!
She's the only daughter
of a family of prestigious fencers.
Her mother and grandfather were champions.
I've read about them before!
She and her mother just moved to Paris!
How incredible!
I'm taking you up on your offer
of a decisive match!
I can't fight you like this.
You're not... yourself!
-Fight!
-Halte, Riposte!
You may seek your revenge,
but only after you take hold of Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous first.
Understood, Hawk Moth.
Where do you think you’re going?
Stay there, nice and patiently.
How'd you like to start a duel with me?
It's merged with her hand!
Give me a moment, Adrien.
I must finish her off first!
But don't worry. I haven't
forgotten about you! I won't be long!
Don't let her close in on you!
Fight back!
Thank you! But now, get out of here!
She doesn't deserve you!
Watch out, Ladybug!
-Ouch!
-Are you hurt?
-I'm fine.
-I've gotta get you
-as far away from that girl as possible!
-Sounds like a plan!
-What kind of fencing was that?
-Nothing like I've seen.
It'll be hard for me
to protect you and fight.
-Where are you Cat Noir?
-Maybe he's... busy?
Allow me to explain the rules to you.
You're not allowed to call it quits
at any time. Adrien is mine!
I will defeat you, both of you.
I am the best fencer!
Nobody's denying that. My friend Marinette
made a bad call earlier.
He's right.
Referee errors can happen in fencing!
You don't have to get
so bent out of shape about it!
I'm sure she wasn't trying
to humiliate you.
Of course not! Uh...
I mean... I'm sure that was the case.
It's too late! The damage has been done.
This time, I shall be the referee!
Stay back, Adrien!
[groans]
-You're sure taking some risks today!
-Don't have a choice.
Ladybug needs me. Plagg...
Adrien! You OK?
Uh... yeah. You too?
I'll feel better once I know you're safe,
far from that girl. Come on!
Akuma alert! You must leave now!
Evacuate the premises calmly!
This way, ladies and gentlemen!
Akuma alert. Ladybug and Cat Noir are
expected to handle this emergency swiftly.
All visitors, kindly vacate the premises
very calmly. Thank you.
A safe place... A safe place... There!
I'm sorry,
but at least you'll be safe in here.
-Please be careful, Ladybug!
-Uh... I'll be fine, thank you.
And you stay out of harm's way, OK?
-Where did you hide Adrien?
-You actually think I'd tell you?
This is just between you and me, Riposte!
You can't cut it? Fine.
I'm going to defeat you and take your
Miraculous, then I'll go and find him!
I won't let you lay a hand on him! Ha!
-It's time we went and joined Ladybug!
-Didn't you hear? She said to wait here.
-You can't disobey her!
-I've got to help her! Plagg, claws out!
[groans]
-Cat Noir!
-A fencing tournament at the Louvre?
-How come I wasn't invited?
-Let me guess.
-You were at the groomer's again?
-I was preening myself, milady.
You know how long
it takes cats to get ready.
Ah!
-Check mate, Riposte!
-You've got the wrong sport, Ladybug!
I think you mean... Attaque et point !
Argh!
You OK, Cat Noir?
[evil laugh]
[alarm]
-Ladybug!
-Ready to lose, Ladybug?
Cataclysm!
Of course!
The hour of revenge has struck!
No!
-He's gone!
-Uh... Who?
Riposte is trying
to get revenge on Adrien Agreste.
-I hid him inside this sarcophagus!
-Maybe he was feeling claws-trophobic?
Let's look for him together, Ladybug,
and finish this match!
Lucky Charm!
-A radiator!
-Great!
-That should really heat things up!
-Hmm.
-The akuma has to be in her sword!
-Then why don't we get to the point?
-Ha!
-Ah!
She's too quick!
-I need your belt, Cat Noir!
-Get ready!
En garde !
Prêt ?
Allez !
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
-What happened?
-Pound it!
Gotta go. Have a vet's appointment!
Take care of the young lady, will ya?
Everything's OK!
Claws in.
Oh! All this sport has made me hungry!
Later! Shh!
-You go ahead. I have to find someone.
-Thanks.
-Where could he have gone?
-Ladybug!
-There you are!
-Yeah, I'm sorry.
I thought it'd be better to go
before Riposte came.
Besides, I hate to be locked up.
I'm so sorry! You did the right thing.
So, uh, so Cat Noir
finally turned up, huh?
Yes, thankfully! Between you and me,
he's much better than me at fencing!
-And... Riposte?
-The girl is safe.
Oh, no! I'm about to change back!
You should be the one to return that.
Bug out!
The Akuma Alert has been called off.
The Louvre will soon be reopening.
Thank you for your cooperation.
I'm at the Louvre. Come when you can.
Excuse me.
Listen, I...
-I'm sorry.
Perhaps you'll agree
to take this back now?
No. I lost. You keep it.
-I think the point was yours.
-That's not what your friend saw.
Marinette can get flustered easily.
She's kind and means well.
She'd never cheat. Today was
her first ever experience with fencing.
-You like her a lot, huh?
-Marinette? Yeah, of course.
She's a very good friend.
And you'll really like her too,
once you get to know her.
Very good friend, huh?
That sounds like a good start to me!
Please, take it!
I'll be happy to get to know
your friend Marinette.
My name's Adrien. What's yours?
Kagami.
Get ready for that decisive match!
I can't wait, Kagami!
At least now you know how much
Adrien values your friendship.
I know. Great. So he likes me.
But I don't want him to just like me.
I mean, I do. But, you know,
I want him to like me!
In that case, you might have to
work on your fencing!
[laughs] On your guard, Tikki!
[laughter]